you have just been tricked into entering
the ultimate gambling tournament going to
find out that this is a death game and
you'll need to outsmart your opponents
stab anyone in the back and risk everything just
to stay alive what do you do when you're gambling
with your life if a single mistake will turn
you into a slave i'm going to break down the
mistakes made what you should do in how to beat
every death game in kaichi the ultimate gambler
this kid has no luck kaiji here to spend the last
of his money on a losing lottery ticket but it's
only the beginning of a no-good very bad day he
walks past several mercedes in the parking lot and
starts kicking them out of jealousy two other guys
get out of the car and he realizes he's made the
biggest mistake of his life chasing him through
the street he's caught and held down until his
loan shark arrives they take him to an office
where the loan shark tells him that his friend
borrowed her money and disappeared and since kaiji
here signed a guaranteed payment on a loan for 300
000 yen he's now responsible for paying back
over 2 million in interest he doesn't have the
money and starts to break down crying all
right if this guy still has his death note
then now would be a really great time to use it
because his day is getting worse by the minute
but he actually had a way out of this and
overlooked something really important in
japan it's illegal to charge more than 20 interest
annually and if he owes 2 million that's a rate of
160 if i were him i would have taken the documents
as evidence to report the extortion and pay the 20
it's still a lot of money but it's better than
gambling your life away the loan shark tells
the kid there's a gambling ship that's leaving
in four hours and if he wins the game that he
can start a new life and she'll erase his debt
he takes the deal and goes to the harbor where
this massive ship is docked he has one last chance
to make things right but he has no idea he'll be
gambling with his life kaiji here is taken to
a room full of other competitors who are just
as desperate as he is and willing to do whatever
it takes to win an announcement is made welcoming
the players as this man tonight tells them that
in order for them to play they'll be alone three
of these stars which are worth 1 million yen each
however the interest rate is a brutal 1 per minute
ok this is sketchy nobody takes you off the street
and puts three million yen in your hands unless
you are the actual commodity here and not the
player we are being bought and sold for something
larger here and we need to keep that in mind if
you want to survive because with this much money
on the line you have next to no control over what
happens to you and that makes for a very dangerous
game they're all given three stars and a hand of
12 cards and will be playing rock paper scissors
they have to pair up and play a card laying it
down on the table for each win they gain a star
from the loser and whoever still has three or
more stars after all 12 cards are played will
win and go back home debt-free but they only have
30 minutes as the host leaves the game begins and
the players start going nuts okay while everyone
is scrambling we should take a moment to observe
our competitors first we need to pick out the most
insecure and predictable person in the room this
guy here seems pretty desperate so i would choose
him to play now it would be normal to assume that
this is a game of chance but it's not patterns
of this game have actually been studied and
they've found that when a player wins one round
they're more likely to play the same thing again
this is called a win stay lose shift strategy
and i would use it to beat them if you lose the
first round the best thing to do is switch to the
card that beats what your opponent just played
this will take advantage of your opponent's
most probable game strategy and you're more
likely to win there's also another element
of human psychology here that we can exploit
it's a very natural instinct to want to keep your
options open so i would expect that the last three
cards in anyone's hands are going to be all three
options of rock paper and scissors as soon as they
play one i know what the other two cards are
and have better odds of beating them everyone
is gambling their stars away without any strategy
when kaiju hears someone screaming this guy begs
to be let go and they all watch as his player gets
dragged away by one of the guards and taken into
a dark room it's only been three minutes and he's
already lost all his stars the door slams shut and
all they can hear are his screams that's when this
man funai grabs kaiji here and tells him he has a
strategy to beat this game if they were together
and only play the same cards at the same time it
will be a draw this lets them use all their cards
and keep their stars so they shake on it and start
playing all right if we're here to win he's just
giving you the best chance you'll get all night i
would play a winning card on the first play take
a star and walk away i'm not here to make friends
i'm here to make money the man instructs kaiji
here to play rock scissors paper in that order in
the first turn is a draw they keep this pattern
going and the plan is working until funai here
suddenly plays a winning card he apologizes for
the mistake and tells him to use rock next so that
he can get his start back but on the next turn
the guy plays scissors and funai here wins again
he takes kaiji star and the kid is not happy he
shoves into the floor and punches him as both men
notice that some blood has landed on kaiji's last
card he gets restrained by the staff and he tells
them what happened but they don't care no rules
were broken and he's only got himself to blame
for being tricked okay this was a great con now
kaiji's only got one star and one card left but
there's a silver lighting here because the staff
were totally fine with them abusing the rules and
playing all draws i would start to reconsider
every rule we were told and what wasn't said
so i would look for two types of people to take
advantage of the first are those who have three
stars and want to get rid of their cards but are
too scary to play and lose this guy here gets
caught trying to flush them down the toilet which
is against the rules but giving them to another
player isn't and he would definitely give us his
cards if we offer to take them then the second
type of victim is someone with two stars but has
no cards left because they'll be desperate to win
a third star now if we just got a bunch of spare
cards from this guy then we can sell them to that
guy from one star and he would buy them because
it's its only way to win as long as we're discreet
with our trades and find the right victims we
could repeat this several times back and forth
and get rich without playing a single game with 15
minutes left funai here reveals to everyone that
kaiji's last card is scissors anyone who has rock
can beat him but then the kid reveals that funai's
last card is rock and they should all beat him
instead the other players are skeptical sufunai
here suggests everyone reshuffled they all agree
and russia to join but kaiji here notices this
helpless man on the ground and comes up with a
plan food i redeals everyone new playing cards
but kaiji sees a man save one card for himself
after the shuffle the man approaches and asks
to play a second time offering two of his stars
but kaiji here raises it to three stars betting
both his and this guy's stars combined so the man
agrees to play with three minutes remaining fuji
puts down his last card teasing kaiji for being
tricked again but this time kaiji has the last
laugh when he plays paper he won and takes three
of his stars giving one of them to his partner
okay this was a brilliant gamble but it only
worked because kaiji was being highly observant
here he knew food i saw the blood on his card and
organized a shuffle just to clear his suspicion so
that he could play kaiji using the same winning
card but kaiji secretly wiped the blood off and
traded it for this guy's paper card putting blood
on it the trick funai with only 30 seconds left
kaiji and the old man split up the remaining
cards and play each other in one final game
they draw each time getting to keep their stars
and use all their cards just as time runs out but
the old man forgets he had one last card in his
pocket and he's not going to be able to pass the
kid decides to do the honorable thing and takes
mutual responsibility for the loss he's brought
into the back room where they inject a microchip
into his arm and brand him all right the obvious
thing to do here is throw this guy under the bus
it's just not right to make two players lose from
a single card but if we insisted on being a loser
then at the very least we should claim that the
card belongs to us and to let the sky go otherwise
it's an incredible waste of opportunity here and
they're both going to pay for this mistake very
soon kaiji along with all the other losers are
moved underground and forced to work as slaves in
a labor camp for 15 years to pay off their debts
there's no way out and they're being monitored
24 7. they go back to their dormitory where kaiji
here receives his first paycheck this underground
labor camp uses a different currency and is only
worth a tenth of a yen he'll never be able to save
up enough money to get out okay the first problem
i see is too much individuality so far they only
seem to be controlled by the foreman here and a
few staff members there must be more security down
here but they're still outnumbered by the labor
force if things are this hopeless and they have no
chance of saving up enough money to earn their way
out then i would start planning for an uprising we
need to make friends with the other work crews and
figure out who the leaders are if we convince them
to join the rebellion they can use their influence
over their crews to start gathering equipment
scouting locations for possible escape routes
and figure out the guard's routines we also need
to know which way the construction vehicles come
from and the layout of the underground tunnels
there must be an elevator or ramp system big
enough to bring these vehicles down here directly
we should coordinate a day where we all rebel then
hijack the construction vehicles and drive them
out of here to the surface as in any revolution
many of us will die but i'd rather die my feet
and keep living on my knees he gets back to work
when an explosion goes off and shakes the entire
underground network he takes his injured friend to
the medic but when he sees all the workers here
left untreated he realizes these patients don't
have enough money to buy medicine the air is so
bad down here that they're all getting sick but
the boss is tempting workers into spending their
money so that they never get healthy or pay off
their debt they need to escape this place for any
hope to survive but they're in luck as the doctor
points to a message in the corner written in blood
and tells them there's only one way out and it's
called brave man road okay brave man road sounds
too brave for me but there's something here that
kaiji is not considering yet this medical area has
something way more valuable than everywhere else
and that's medicine it's pretty clear that honest
labor will get us nowhere so i would plan on
stealing all the medication i could first observe
which drugs are being sold to which conditions and
figure out which of these drugs are the strongest
and most profitable then come back and admit
yourself by faking that condition the medication
will be brought out of storage to be sold and we
can steal enough of it with a distraction to then
sell to our co-workers and undercut the rates they
would all want to buy it for the cheaper price so
they'll keep it a secret for us as well and we can
make money a lot more quickly than before later
that day kaiji here considers what he's learned
and when the foreman comes by to extort him for an
advance on his salary he flips out making a scene
he calls the foreman a crook for manipulating them
but kaiji's interrupted when some guards announced
that this man has been chosen to compete on the
braveman road and they learn that whoever wins
will go back to the surface hearing this kaiju
decides to volunteer and take back his freedom
even if it kills him joining several other workers
they're taking up an elevator to the 50th floor of
a skyscraper where they're told the rules of this
new game all they have to do is deliver these cash
vouchers to a designated location at the star
site hotel and exchange them for cash but to
get there they must cross this crane that leads
to the building next to them and make it to the
other side they'll get 10 million cash if they do
but the men are too scared to cross it until kaiji
here volunteers the others are inspired to join
him until the host reveals that their bridge to
freedom is electrified as well inside the building
a table of rich guests are watching the event for
entertainment so the workers aren't allowed
to use their hands when they cross the beam
okay this one would defeat me because i'm super
scared of heights but if we can move past the
fear factor here then there might actually be
a way to do this without falling now we can't
touch the beams with our hands but we also learned
in the first game that they're totally fine with
you bending the rules to your advantage as long as
you accomplish the task and entertain the guests
what we need here is more stability and if we can
add more points of contact with the bridge then
we'll have a better chance at this this building
is pretty high up and if you've ever been to the
top of a skyscraper it can get pretty windy if the
wind is catching on your clothes it adds drag and
can throw you off balance so if we minimize
our frame then there will be less resistance
now tyro walkers use giant poles to lower their
center of gravity and spread out their mass to
decrease the rotational inertia unfortunately all
these guys have are the clothes on their backs
so that's what we need to use to achieve the
same goal i would tie all my clothing together
in a long rope and swing it under the bridge that
catch it on the other side now we have added two
points of contact with the bridge and lowered our
center of gravity like a tightrope walker so this
will let us shuffle ourselves forwards with more
stability if we lean too far in any direction we
can simply pull the cloth rope and correct our
balance the rich viewers might not like this but
it's definitely worth trying if it means we won't
fall to our deaths kaiji here has a big idea he
pulls this marker out of thin air and draws a line
to everyone's shoes to help them align themselves
to the bridge and keep their balance they all feel
more confident to make it across now and start
walking out onto the bridge one by one okay kaiji
here is doing some great thinking unfortunately
it's the wrong strategy drawing a line down the
middle of your shoe seems like a good idea but
the problem is if your foot is perfectly centered
then you have to balance yourself with the most
narrow part of your foot this makes it extremely
difficult to adjust your balance if you start
leaning left or right the better strategy here is
to angle your foot sideways so that if you begin
to sway you have more width across the walkway
and can use more of the muscles in your feet to
maintain your balance we can take a lesson from
skateboarders here they don't face forward or
line their feet straight they angle themselves and
it gives them extremely good balance so we should
use the same strategy kaiji here almost falls and
manages to catch himself but that's when they see
storm clouds flash in the distance player one
starts to lose his balance out of desperation
he jumps forward onto the electrified bridge and
falls to his death that's one down and nine to
go player six here tries to hold on to the bridge
and shocks himself causing him to fall off player
5 chickens out and turns back grabbing the man
behind him and they both plummet to their deaths
eventually there's only three players left in
the game as it starts to rain they all continue
to make their way across the bridge but the
older tells kaiji here he can't continue
he asks him to take his money voucher and exchange
it for his daughter before falling off the bridge
okay if i'm being honest this old man never had
a chance he's too old and unstable to survive
this walk and helping him will only put us at
risk if he wants to save his daughter he needs
to walk towards me to hand it over because i'm
not changing my direction and walking backwards
on a slippery metal pole in the rain 200 meters
above the ground it's also highly unlikely that
this slave driving corporation will let me redeem
both coupons for a combined 20 million yen so the
best move here is to let this guy ishida die and
keep walking forwards to focus on surviving the
remaining players continue crossing and make it
to the other side they're just about to win but
kaiji senses that something is not right about
this he warns the other player but it's too late
the door suddenly flies open and they're blown
away by a wind blast there was one last trick the
organizers of the death game set up while kaiji
here is left hanging his friend falls to his death
climbing back up the ledge he crawls into the
building and finds the members of the corporation
applauding his performance the chairman of the
company walks in and kaiju here chews them out
for their cruelty he demands they pay him his
20 million but the host refuses deducting nearly
all the money from kaiji's voucher to pay off
his debt he yells at the host that the old man
who fell proved he wasn't a loser because in his
last dying moments he was thinking of someone else
the chairman here finds the kid interesting and
decides to set up one last game for him okay
these guys are obviously horrible people and most
of them should be shot but it's hard to stay mad
when we're definitely better off right now than
we were days ago this poor guy keeps ending up
in apocalyptic scenarios and at this point maybe
the best thing for him to do is move out of the
country there aren't any battle royales in brazil
which holds the largest japanese community outside
of japan the government promoted emigration as a
national policy into the late 1960s to get rid of
poverty and overpopulation and kaiji here fits
the bill as soon as he walks free he's going to
remember how miserable his life was and will fall
to the same bad decisions and he'll probably blow
all his money on scratch cards so there's no point
going back without a boat mode of cash kaiji sits
down and they tell him he'll be playing e card
against the host tony gawa there are two sets of
five cards one plays as the emperor and the other
plays as the slave the game is simple they'll play
three rounds and each player picks a card and puts
it down on the table two citizens will result in
a draw which means the round continues while a
citizen beats the slave and the emperor beats
the citizen but because the slave has nothing to
lose it's the only card that can beat the emperor
the host explains that he cannot choose his
cards randomly and must look at the card and make
a decision before putting it on the table he's
offered the choice to play as the emperor or as
a slave which pays 10 to 1. he decides to take the
slave and he's put himself at a disadvantage the
slave player must go first and kaiji's opponent
will get to seize facial expressions so the odds
of winning are extremely low okay this is daunting
tonight here runs his entire underground gambling
empire and has watched and studied people's
gambling habits and life and death situations for
a long time he has a huge advantage and we need to
find a way to remove that if this is going to be
a fair game now before we started he made a point
to mention that we aren't allowed to be random in
our strategy and he also said that we must look at
the card before we put it down this is a big deal
because it tells everything about his own strategy
he needs to read her expressions and body language
to make his decision now when the stakes are
this high trying to control or fake your micro
expressions is a lot more difficult than you
might think when we are under extreme stress our
emotions tend to leak out so i would simply pull
my shirt over my head to cover my face so that i
could still see the cards but he couldn't see my
expressions at all because it's going to take away
his advantage and help me win and if the chairman
here thinks it's entertaining he might approve of
the tactic they start the game and kaiju here
plays his first card but without hesitation
the host plays his own and they draw he plays his
next card without even looking the host place is
something strange is going on as the host doesn't
even look up to analyze the kids expressions
on the third turn kaiju here goes for the win and
puts on a slave card hoping the host will play the
emperor but the host can read his mind he turns
over a citizen taking away any chances of kaiji
winning the chairman wants to see more and gives
a loan to kaiji here so that he can continue play
but he's warned that this time if he loses he'll
have to work underground for the rest of his life
okay before playing another round we have to
remember who our opponents are these guys have
bent the rules either for their own entertainment
or to screw over the players it's fair to assume
that this game is stacked against you so at this
point i will be looking for any signs of cheating
i would inspect the table and the room for any
cameras or sensors as well as any noticeable
markings on the cards he might even have an
earpiece so i would ask anyone standing behind
me to clear the area so they can't tell him what
my cards are but even if i didn't find anything
tonegawa here has already dropped hints that
should make us suspicious by telling us he can
read our minds if this is somehow true he wouldn't
be letting us know this the man definitely knows
how to keep every advantage a secret so his
opponent doesn't adjust his strategy and kaichi
here is about to figure out that this wasn't
a careless comment but a calculated one this
second time around kaiji decides to go against
expectations and play the slave on the first
turn but as he's about to place it he notices his
opponent isn't even looking at his own cards the
man is looking at something else entirely when the
host finally plays his hand it's a citizen card
and in one turn he's ended kaiji's life the kid
gets dragged out but as he reaches the elevator
he remembers the man wasn't wearing the same watch
as before and realizes it must have been what he
was looking at he was using the implanted chip
in kaiji's shoulder to monitor his physiological
responses to the game the whole thing was a setup
he's been tricked into betting his life away but
as he lays on the floor he begins to form a plan
asking to go to the bathroom he meets the loan
shark and tells her he's figured out how to win
this time it convinces her to give him another
loan walking back into the room kaiji asks for one
final round and he's got the money to back it up
tonight resists but the chairman is interested and
orders him to play okay we still don't have the
upper hand here but we can even the playing field
this guy can track my physiological responses to
each card i play and there are four meters on
this watch measuring heart rate blood pressure
body temperature and perspiration when people are
put in stressful situations their body produces
adrenaline triggering their fight or fight
response this makes their heart beat faster and
increases their blood pressure if we want a chance
at baiting this man we have to manipulate his
meters by keeping her heart rates high so he can't
see any fluctuation based on my decision making if
i start taking short rapid breaths my pulse will
get faster creating a simulated panic response
this will throw tonight off his game giving me
a better chance to win before they begin kaiji
slams his head into the mirror and they think
he's gone crazy but it's all a part of his plan
he takes three of his citizen cards and hides them
on his chair before flipping the remaining two
left on the table with tonight distracted by the
chairman kaiji switches a citizen card for his
slave just as the man turns back around the host
checks his watch and sees his sensors going wild
fired up the kid slams his hand on the table
spilling blood all over his carts the loan
shark tells him to calm down so he wipes his cards
and prepares to play the game of his life okay he
shouldn't be calming down he's cut himself pretty
well but his vitals might go right back to normal
after a few minutes i would want to guarantee we
had a level playing field for the entire game so
i would go one step further and take one of these
glass shards to cut the microchip out of my arm
they might object but this will make it impossible
for tony gawa to cheat even after my heart rate
has calmed down he lays down his first card and
the kids fight heart rate is affecting his sensors
nervous the man isn't sure what card to choose
but when they flip their cards the first turn
ends in a draw kaiji confidently plays his
next card when the host notices the blood state
he remembers that kaiji bled on his slave
and citizen cards earlier so there's a 50
chance it's the slave the man puts on a citizen
hoping to win for the turn end and yet another
draw the next card he plays doesn't have a blood
stick so it should be a citizen but he's not sure
so he decides to play it safe and it's another
draw with two cards remaining kaiju here places
another card with a blood stain and tony gawa
here thinks it must be the slave but realizes
that this could be a trick if the kid might
have switched his slave for a citizen card at
the beginning of the match then both blood same
cards were actually citizens tonight here places
emperor card confident that he's one but kaiji
here has outplayed him he's just won the game
and it's taken tonight here completely by surprise
he tricked the man into thinking he swapped his
card when he actually never changed them having
lost the match the host is sentenced to a lifetime
of working underground like all the other losers
in kaiji receives all the money he was promised
later he goes out to celebrate with the loan shark
over dinner and he gives her the money he owes
but as they toast to his new and improved life he
suddenly blacks out okay this woman should not be
trusted because she's already tried to screw you
over and now that you have lots of money there's
an even greater chance of that happening if
you're going to let a woman take this much
money away from you then at least make her do
it through an alimony settlement after a long
and unhappy marriage when he wakes up he finds a
loan shark is gone and she's stolen all his money
the only thing she left him is to lose change
with a message saying she's cleared his debt
with interest kaiji walks the city a free man but
he's got no idea that the games have only begun
you